---
layout: "post"
title: "August 2018 Devlog 02: Building a Habit App but with RPG elements"
date: "2018-08-09 22:24"
tags: Devlog
categories: log
crosspost_to_medium: true
excerpt_separator:  <!--more-->
---

Yo. It's that bird. Mechasparrow. I've been doing some dev and making some tutorials.

# What have I been coding this week?

Well I'm still kinda building the Scavenger hunt app, but I put that as second priority coding wise. The main application I'm working is called **repeatic**.

Repeatic is a habit task app with RPG elements.

# What does this mean?

It means that as you complete certain tasks or solidify habits, you interact with a sort of game environment in the process. Kinda like [Tamagotchi](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tamagotchi). You gain XP or lose health depending on how well you complete tasks and stay committed to habits.

# How am I building it?

with JavaScript and React.JS

# Whats the progress so far?

- complete tasks
- gain xp
- create tasks

I plan on incorporating some pixel art aesthetics. Bad news... It's going to be a lot of initially bad pixel art :D

That's it so far. The repo is over at [github](https://github.com/Mechasparrow/repeatic)

# Other stuff

I completed another tutorial over on LiveEdu. LiveEdu is an online livestreaming programming education platform. I plan on starting to publish YouTube videos _at some point_.

Backend development has begun on the scavenger hunt application. So I would say maybe another good 70% to go regarding that app.

School starts less then one week from now... Pretty riveting IMO.

-- Michael Navazhylau
